hey it's me meme after 23 and today I'm
going to teach you how to make a
spongebob me you mail from scratch get
rid of that kind of head just pretty
much as square as you can get me just
skin like yellow um go somewhere like
that for the blocky shape make it that
color
for eyebrows turning black
give her these eyebrows
forgot to do some killing the freckles
of course then his eyebrows go down
because eyes like that eyes up more
so then you have
speckled spongebob cheeks
four eyes that's pretty obvious me yes
very creepy um turn his nose into that I
know it looks like Squidward knows but
when it's on its side you can see that
it's pretty pointy so but just make it
small ok so then got to give him that
stupid grin
and I give him
a mustache to make it look like buck
teeth okay maybe make his iphone a
little bit more posts together perfect
now course we're gonna make them really
sure Brown for little tuxedo you can
make that yell if you want i just made a
brown for a little tuxedo
nickname
spongebob birthday screw that we'll just
put god so that's I make him buy